here's a bunch of, uh... thoughts and talk tracks for a... session, I want to do at work, um, but maybe also repurpose this for YouTube or something.  this is designed for people who know how to abuse them before, but if they don't know the problem, then, person, and want to lurk more intentionally using the right settings, and, uh, better prompting, and really understand what they're doing. So they can take it to the next level. and do it correctly, and maybe do things that they haven't thought of doing before. One of the... enthusiastic aspects of AI is that people are... very narrow context of just, uh, improving text, right? And... And that brings some productivity to the organization. Some people will do these a few more use cases, like brainstorming, and so on, but this really scratches the surface of what this technology can do. And the focus of their, because of that, the focus is mostly reducing AI to reduce costs rather than using AI to enable new types of activities, better performance. Uh, and, uh, really enhancing skill sets and augmenting employees to make them more powerful, and an analogy could be, if the, uh, phytopilot. Um, slides and F 135, or, uh, or, like, what they call it today, the fifth generation, I think, of phytogets. These are very sophisticated fire tests can do many things. And, um, the... phyto pilot might be very talented and a very good, the elite of the fighters. But they're, um, they're working by themselves, right? With some very fancy equipment. The next generation, the phytal jets, are, without being banned, have a squadron, or squadron of fight of drones attached to them, and that fighter pilot, now, sits in a jet that commands and controls a bunch of autonomous jets that work alongside them. Like... And that's the possibility is taking yourself from being a... a... maybe a small talented person to being... squadron leader, right? of some sort. And augmenting myself, do more. Not just tooth, uh, too fast or work less. So... where did we start this session? I think... we need to... understand what is, and I am, and what is, what is this tool we're working with? Many people think it's just some kind of small, intelligent, uh... Software. And the core of it isn't. It's not intelligent. No, what it is, is a giant, probably let the engine. It's a guessing machine. And the way it works is... they have... they have... that's a very long process of converting words into numeric values. And these numeric values represent many, many, many different attributes of the meaning of that word. So, they tell her... a cat... or a cat might have... a Xavian different athletes. It has fur. It has, it's a short word, is. It's, um, it got whiskers. How many whiskers? Multiple different attributes that applied to a cat. And those are put into... a series of numbers on the vector. So, now, we've got the commencement of work to go and basically catalog and enter all these different words, convert them to factors, or numbers, and put them into the words. I'm gonna do these daters, isn't it as big as you've mentioned, because once you shrink everything into numbers, it's, it's fairly condensed. And... And then when you ask, when you put aquarium, you know, people think about it as asking questions. They're just... I said of words. A spring wouldn't be what developers cost. Just... set a board. What... what your LLM will do, what... software will do, is it'll take these words, convert them into an American numbers in a similar process. uh, into, and look for what is the combination of words that most closely resembles the save the American van. It's trying to predict in that sense. What is it that they're trying to, uh, get back? And it has gotten very, very good. So, in other words, if you'd say, um, Marco, Italy, you know, Polo, if you say, Marco, what if you meant Marco Rubio, right? You put in Rubio, it now knows to go through. to the other one and say, politics, you say, Marco politics. Here we go, right? In those very, very well, based on the different words you put in. to find the combination that would yield the best. The highest correlation. That's all it is, at the coronet, right? So the few interesting lessons from this. One is... the way you phrase the question, or the way you phrase... spraying the input, doesn't matter, relief, it's a question or not. But the order of words does matter, because it'll change the correlation of what comes back. And so... you can mess around with the... words you put in, in order to get back our response, a different response. Right? Or what he might want to see, a better response. Oh, that's what we call prompt engineering. It's messing around with the prompt. In, uh, the tweak, whether it beaders are coming back. There are few rules for how to, or how to do that. We're talking about that. Soon, different principles of armed engineering. But it also shows you, I can understand, is that the system doesn't understand our response at all. I'm just guessing, based on mathematic, uh, closeness. Thank you. A few layers on top of it, the system in both of us, so it's literally generating thousands of different responses, and it goes to some kind of filtering mechanism to make sure, Oh, wait, this is clearly haywire. This is outside our... policies... this damn the other, right? That's why, in the early days, you'd see some pimps are response starting to type up, and then all of a sudden disappear, 'cause there's some layers in there of... of... of... of picking the right spot, so to see. The system has gotten a lot more sophisticated over time. So... So prompt... So now you understand how the system works in the prompt engineering? However, when you think about it, this doesn't take you far enough. This system they just described is incredible. It's groundbreaking, because it basically takes all the currently known knowledge that's available to the training model, the model that was used to catalog the world, if you will. And that means, when you play available to it, it mostly means from publicly available internet sources. And maybe some more. And... it basically thinks all of that, and makes it available to all of us. So all the common human knowledge is now at your fingertips. And the system can guess it. It... It also means things to... The system can't do math. It can guess the math answer. You can't do that. No, no, saying that later, uh, of a mayo sort of added, some evidence of math, or the system can guess the code that'll do the math for it, right? But the system in, of itself, doesn't do it. And here's, um, the other thing is, lymph. Garbuccino, garbage, right? The way with you. What you... ask it... is... And how do you ask it, is really important. So, for example, first of all, the question itself doesn't bring matter, just a drink, right? It just... several words, I think. So, you can give another story, saying, Think glasses of water on the table? Two of them, uh, if three photographs of water, people drank two glasses. How many glasses of water on the table? This question, in a similar fashion, has been asked, to consider things before this shared knowledge existed. Mm hmm. And the system can very easily guess the answer to that. Now, if you remember, the system doesn't understand a question. It just knows to guess, right? So what happens when we... muddy up the story? We tell, we give the system information that's irrelevant to the question itself. So, you start telling it, hey, we're at the dinner party. And, um, on the table, there was a cake. There were glasses of wine. Um... Somebody was talking about their trip to the sea, and... and now the story gets buried away at a bunch of random facts. Well, it turns out that, in these cases, the system is not able to predict the answer as well, and sometimes, right, not collected at all. This is a known problem that, uh... that... that... the thing working on, and have been trying to find different ways to solve for it. So to some extent, there are reasoning models now that introduce the help with this, but basically what the core problem is, the core problem is, at the end of the day, it's simply matching the words. to what was our closest, resembling it. Right, with combination of words. So, another later, there was Abbott, later, was... trying to extract the right... And take fingerprints. So what, um... now... These elements, uh, each, each relevant word in the prompt is called, uh, is converted into a vector, or, and this process, and each word is, therefore, a token. You know, typically a system is charged by tokens, right? So, all these words, like, as, if, those are not been used, and those are removed. Now, doesn't mean they're not important. They... but they... but they're not tokens. It means we don't get converted into vector, don't get correlated nuts, you don't get... Mathematically. Yeah, but there might be some lay of it nowadays that you might look at those sentences and the structure and give better understanding of, when you say, uh... cat, amor and... Oh, you actually meant a catamaran, right? Also, the stout checkup was thin, and so on, and so, it's not, it's useless to rifle sentences, but... these things, uh... these things are not, you know, paying for that, if you will. So... what else can we learn? When you think about it, when you are going to the model, you are prompting a question, right? Is active track? Does active track have... Oh, what is apple's next iPhone? and top features. What? The system cannot know the answer to that. Because it was only trained on information that was available at a time of training, which could have been two years ago, a month ago. Nine months, nine years ago, whenever I was input, information was put in, they... And, or whatever, that particular section of information was last added, or to the model, or improved in the model. And... And therefore, when you grow and say, you ask a question like, Hey, what is the latest sales tactic associated with that, right? It can only give you an answer, as it is. Effectively, the common denominator... of... a certain point in pain in the past. The model itself, including, sweet. And there's value to that, 'cause some things ever change, for other things, that's not benefit, for example, if we wanted to ask, Hey, what is our upcoming release? It would know, by definition, and what it will, and guess, right? Is that what it does? It's a guessing issue. Another thing that, uh, and I guess is, is not a guess that's based on logic or extrapolation. a guess that is... based off of simply statistical correlation of words. That's it. So, we might, if you ask it, okay, what are the chances did this stock will go up around a price? Or should they buy a stock? It's not answering based on thinking of, oh, I've analyzed the stock, and I've come to a determination. It's a good or bad company. It's not doing any bad. Just looking at... Okay, stock. I think I'm in both, right? Different words in there. Boom. Right? Could be a bad guess, but it's only a guest. Stop thinking. It's not intelligence. Again, this is the base model that might be layers on top, the thing. Do it. The, I'll do some of it. The other, uh... But, uh, where are we? The other thing to think about here is that these models were trained from outside of your knowledge base or your information sphere, right? They were trained by the common information sphere, and what other people have entered or published. So there's a problem, A, we don't know what you know or we know as a company or as a group, right? So for one good example, is we are trying to position ourselves as a workforce management solution, for example, and that is something we're working on to put out there. But the model is trained off of what the outside world is posted, maybe competitors, put out there, and of it, surf you sites, whatever, right? Old website, old website. So the model is always biased, skewed, away from what we want it to be. Because we are constantly changing, and we wanted to, we want our combination of words to be different than its combination of words. If you apply the same two images, it's our combination of pixels versus somebody else's combination of fixes. Like, stock images versus... my own. So... Oh, my... So, these biases are always there, and if you get in a way of... of good output, and the way of work. And a good example is trying to get our positioning right, or trying to get, uh, good personalized emails based off of our, uh... what we want to say about a company, or how we want to reach out to people when we're doing out here. So, uh, singles for resume, for example. The... How do we get over that? What do we do? Luckily, there is a solution. And the common term for this is rag. Retriever, and augmented generation. And the different tools for rag, one of them is, these systems have added search keeper putties, so they can retrieve information from the web. So you have better searches than other. For example, Gemini has excellent search rack. So, instead of going directly to the LLM model and giving you the response quickly, you'll see this with your own eyes if you turn on deep research mode in Gemini. It'll first go to the web, collect information, and use that information before it goes to the bottom, right? So it's augmenting the response from the general model. Another rag is adding fires, uploading fires. And you'll see this in, like, adding an attachment to the front. Or adding a, um... a files to a project, if you're working cloud, for example, has crotches. So adding a local database. These could get as simple as just attachments, or very sophisticated connectors. For example, the Gmail connector is back connected. These are forms of rag, but, like, okay, I can go search, slack, find, bring back a bunch of stuff. Pick the pieces of information in the most relevant, right? Again, through the exact same algorithm, I'm picking up pieces of information that are called chunks. Chunks of text, that are closest in meaning. You pick the right chunks of text, and I'm going to incorporate them into my response. And I'm gonna commend my response. So, now, if we, um... if it'll, instead of saying, uh, you know, today's date was so and so, now it knows today's date. And so on and so forth. So, again, the answer would vary dramatically based on what pieces of information you feed it. Now, this is critical, 'cause this gives you... a really, as you can... as you... as you... almost said, Baynow gives you a really strong capability, when you do proper rag, over just prompting. So the more the system, your, your AI, just, uh, is connected to internal systems. It's built off of information, is able to pick the right information, either could you spoon feed it. Or because it just actively searching for it, or because it did some work in the background. Prepping for your questions, right? And cataloguing all your information. Then, the better your results. Not only that, now you can answer questions like, what's on next, I mean, release? Or, uh... I need to write code that is very specific to this company's needs. It'll plug right in. You don't have to, you know, if you just say, I need a code that will... uh, calculate working hours for somebody, right? Who knows what they'll do? They'll just go to the model. Guest, the generic code, okay? But we have very specific definitions of what it can help us mean, how to take into account, what to plug into, all kinds of different things that are in our, uh, that we need to consider. Well, imagine, it has access to all of those considerations, all of that repository of, uh, rules and conditions, and tech stac and, uh, conversations that we had about this. Well, the chances of it giving us the correct answer, the correct code, are dramatically higher, right? Another thing to consider is the more specific you get, the more you can break down a problem and steps, the better, the response. So imagine this. You tell us, uh, hey. Design and build a product for me. Write the code, or design, and create an image, or whatever, right? Write a book. Well, a book is a great example. Just write a book. In the book, well, you give it maybe... some information about the book. See, this is, I want a book about the child that grew up in private. I want a book about, uh, the history of France. And you can even get more specific, right? Well, what are the chances that he'll write the book that you wanted to write? They're extremely slim, right? They're... they're basically zero, because... you're asking you to do too much. There are many, many different, the gazillion steps along the way, if you think about all the work he goes into a book. There is research there is putting together. The thesis and the structure, the proofreading, fact checking, right? There are many different things that need to be done. Now, you don't even tell what is the process. didn't do any of that, right? So, the... the first, uh, step is to break down the problem into steps, understand, deeply understand what is the correct process to doing it. And if you don't know, you can consult with AI and design the process in which you're gonna give it very specific instructions, one at a time, and you can inspect them with different choke ones. So you could say, Step one is to build a thesis, or let's develop the characters, right? That's like, let's describe, figure out what they can, main characters, right? Or, uh... Or put together a table of crock. Whatever that's first step in your ideal processes. And coming up with innovative processes, you know, sometimes you look really interesting and breakthrough results. And the cost of trying these different innovative processes are very low, because AI works really fast. You can check out the result, the outcome. and see, if it works for you or not, it doesn't work, you toss it out, you try different processes. Right? But taking a big problem with death, breaking it down, into concrete steps, you inspect the completion of the step and say, just good enough or not, before I move on. And you correct me. So, in other words, instead of saying, that's right, I was, look, let's see. Some of the chapter. How do we start with chapter? Let's break it down, so you're gonna want to work effectively work one paragraph at a time. Or some other crusts. We can break it down to what? Task at a time. So for, say, writing an email to a customer, that might sound trivial. Well, it's not trivial. It might be true to you because you've done it. a few times. But maybe at first make, too, learn about the camp before you write, you know, understand the context of the situation. Define the problems and trying to solve for the customer. Find out what's, what decide, and what type of email this is going to be. So, I'm going to try and break down a problem into multiple steps. And do once upon a time. Once I see what the sister is capable of, and I'm seeing learning to understand what art, points of failure, when does it stop? When what kind of passes do exceptionally web, exactly as I expect it to, and which is veer off, more often, is maybe or less predictable. I can... giving it a series of instructions instead of one instruction at a time. But the way to get started is, you work manually, one prom, respond to unprompt response. And keep going. The. The idea of creating a set of tasks and instructions for a process like this, in cloud, it's called skills. And we'll talk about how to manage skills and how to create skills, advantage them, and execute them. Later on. So, skins are repeated by a set of tasks. A set of instructions that are stored, and cloud can bow, and retrieve them to run them in secret. Probably this. The... We should have somewhere notes to, uh, AI here. We should, uh, note to myself, should do some more research on reasoning. What does reasoning has at work and what in this context, what should the user understand about reasoning? So we talked about prompt engineering, We talked about the rag. The model, understanding the basics here. And... And really, in this first session, I wanted to just make sure that you really understand how the system works, so we can start getting into the... practicalities. But now that you see how, what kind of tool you have in front of you, what are the different possibilities in your day to day that you can leverage such a tool? I would argue that you could pretty much use it in almost everything you'd do. The key in setting yourself up for success is being able to document in written language, because that's written form is what it needs, and it's, and, I think, in highly structured written form, all the information that surrounds you, that is relevant to what you're doing. So, you, uh, one, you want to make sure that you're not mixing personal life and business life, unless you intentionally want to. Because each of these worlds have very different context and different assembly of language, right? At home, you might use the context of even the same words are very different. And so you want to really have a separate setup. For your personal life, so you don't mix the two, because it will contaminate, if you will. The knowledge base and the results. The other is, um... Creating these structures, right? What are some other things that we need to know in the basics session here? We need to understand the context windows. Uh, versus, uh... What is a context window? In a context window, not myself to look up the clear definition of that. Context window is basically, think of it as sort of a short term memory of the different words that are being currently being analyzed to create that, uh... the prediction. Right. And so if you're putting in a different tools will have different, a different available context windows. It's a narrow window. So that context window is really important to understand. Remember, I give that example of, uh, the three glasses of water on the table. Well, ideal scenario is to, in the context that they have information that's mostly irrelevant. means the glasses of water. Even a table, not as rarely, right? It's three glasses. Three, he has to quarter, two glasses of water, right? And so, we want to make sure that we don't overload it, it also costs money, or cost processing power. And so, if you overload your context window. You're gonna run out of tokens faster, so you'll hit some kind of limit, or you'll just pay more money. So, uh, you'll see different tools to get over that, but that's just something to be aware of. The other thing... We talked about projects, uh, personal settings, when you talk about personal settings, um, and so personal settings, uh, as often referred to as a system prompt, uh, and a system prompt... is basically just an injection of a set of words. into every prompt. So you can think of it as just an underlying infrastructure. And this will appear in different places. Where you can have personal settings, or system prompt, or a project instructions. All of these are different forms of effectively assistant crime. And the system prompt is just... if you keep finding yourself saying, Hey, uh... I don't use the oxal comma, for example. You put into a system prompt, it'll add that to every single. That you, uh, it'll always be there, right? Now, again, this has applications. This is a great tool, because you can put just information, value, too much of a personal stuff. Only put stuff there. No, Wingo. Well... I'll wait. And it's always true, right? Um, you can also say if, and, you know, those kind of rules, and they're just will typically know how to manage that. So, you can say, uh, an assistant from, uh, if I email, use informal, uh, language, uh, if writing a, uh, a, a blog post, use a brand guide, please. So you could do those stuff, the more complex it is, the less reliable, of course, and another thing to understand is that it's... It uses more tokens, right? So, we also don't want to bloat the system, because it just needs to be efficient and generous. What are different ways to catalog and gather information around you? So we talked about connectors. So there's a lot of information already in emails, slack cameras, control, files, we will drive and so on. But there's also a lot of noise in these systems. And there's also rate and excellent information that we may not want to skip, in calls. So there are tools, like granola, course, zoom recordings, all of these things that will simply record conversations. There's even a company out there that will give you a little device, credit card size device, or a pill shaped device, and it'll just be called nonstop throughout the day, transcribe it. So, uh, these systems need to transcribe the audio, so different ways to transcribe audio. You have built into your Apple system, in your Apple Notes. You can, uh, use different tools for transcription. But, uh, you want to... convert that into text? If you clean it up, and create a repository of these things, right? So you can just put it in your local drive, the Google Drive, the tools, like, obsidian, which help you organize, and make them searchable. They even have, they make it very, very easy for AI to go through, and you can have their own AI plug ins, and so on. That's an open source. And... And he wanted to do as much of that as possible, especially the relevant stuff. The other thing is, if you have just a ton of it, it's difficult to maintain it, right? How do you know? How do we make sure the systems will be able to find the information if you've got so much of it? And so, you might want to think of different organizations, tools, or ways to kind of structure that information every now and then. Could be automatic done to something, system every day, or could be done. Manually, as kind of part of your daily or tea, process, and as you're working. And one way to do this, to use AI, to clean these up. So, you could take voice memos, for example. Just dictate stuff to your. Vice memo, transcribe it, and then give it to AI and say, Hey, clean this up and create a structure document with clear instructions, uh, or terminology, or whatever that purpose of that document is, right? For future use. Uh, one great, uh, tool to do is our best practices. Your project, for example. In this project, instructions, you can say, hey, this is the purpose of this truck. Yes, yeah, this is the purpose of this project. I wanted to be able to do so and so. And this is how people are with it. You know, something to consider, blah, blah, blah, just go on, huh? Say, create, create a, uh, structured ID. Uh, perfect, uh, instructions for a club project that achieve these goals. You'll take that, set of stuff that you wrote in there, and create a highly structured, very good formatted. product. One type of format, which is optional, but it'll help improve things, is the MD, the markdown file. And if you get into AI a lot, you'll start running into that more and more. And so Markdown is really the simplest form of adding some kind of hierarchy and structure to a text file, right? If you look at copy paste text, plain and simple text, right? Those your copy, peck, and paste it, you, too, proper, that you feel... Wait, it made so much sense before, but now that it's all just packed into a long, never ending paragraph. What, uh, it just doesn't. There's less context to it, right? It's very hard for you to read as a human being. And now there are no bullets in there, for example. Well, what happened to the table I had, the table is just, how will it understand? Will it even know that this is a table? I might be able to correlate the columns in the rows here. Well, that's a problem, right? And so... these systems can be very good at figuring that stuff out, but, uh, but, yeah, now we're introducing more error into the system. So, uh, a way to easily deal with that is marked on files. And A.I. feels love markdown. It's simple, easy to use. I'll know exactly how to write it, and the fact any of them will create it routinely, sort of like go to home at. And mark down works really, really easily. You can look it up and see how to do markdown. You can learn it in five minutes. It's not pretty, but it's so easy to do. It's so simple. And you can explore any kind of document, but walk down. Uh. Ah, okay, keynote, or whatever you want. You can also ask AI to create Markdowns. And so when you see these documents that have lots of hashtags in them, uh, you know, that's, it's a lockdown side. And so working with Markdown is, is a great way. Another structure, the AI love is XML. Uh, XML. is gives a lot of context and structure to text. So just adding up metadata to these pieces of text, to say, for example, here's where an example starts for you, an example ends. That's another example, starting, another example, ending, right? That simple setup, in a prompt, makes all the difference, being just like, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Another example, blah, blah, blah. Like, it's just up to chance to really get that, oh, when I use the word example, in the middle of a paragraph here, doesn't mean that this is the beginning of an example, and then they had another word example. I mean, it's another example, just tolerant, right? You don't... You're really leaving up the chance for figure that out, like, versus XML. Vegetarian loves XML. Seems scary, but using it in a simple form is very easy. And I'd advise you to just take a 10 minute YouTube video on Intro to XML, just to understand the very basic use and how to use it. Using X amount of prompts, just to kind of structure... the... the setup of the information can be... can make a huge difference, right? So oftentimes the arms don't work, it's because of this problem that they just described, where you're just giving it a bunch of jumbled words, but really giving it some structure, changes, the meaning, completely, right? Uh, and especially if you have, like, a long list of, uh, of examples to consider, for example, maybe you're giving a list of customers and, uh, uh, and some attributes of each customer to look into. So, you got, I always ask, uh, no different ways to convert to XML. I thought the most part. You just want to use a turf as a way of organizing information, or at least understand that, so when you see it, you know, ah, okay, got it. This is useful right now. Uh, and I'll have something... maybe some other tool, convert something to X amount of for me. So I'll try that. I mean. And so, it's not something to use every day. But when you get into problems, like, hey, case studies, here's a list of case studies. I want you to analyze, and create a new one based off of the same format of the same structure, right? Well, if you give it the case study, just as within an X amount of format, or a set of data in an X amount format to it, there might be a paragraph describing customer outcomes, and the outcomes might be look very different for every customer. So for what, it might be, uh, it just says, uh, 5XRI, but for the other, it might be, uh, quote, right? Instead, said, might these tag both of these as outcomes, now it knows your intent behind this, and what you're trying to do. So, it's a great way to think of it as, like, an antagonist. These are all the basics for session one. And in session two, we'll get into more...

More ideas and using AI. So... personas. What are personas, and how to use them? 

Understand, understand, personas, you must first understand the context window. But whatever the paste mistakes is, fifth producing Yari is assuming... that... AI is this, that super genius being, a brain that can do anything. 

In fact, that's, like, making the same mistake, that you take one human, have them do everything in the company. Even when you look at a developer or a quanted person, these any one of these specialized jobs that different people will do. One person might be much better. 

Ray, while the other is better at code review. One might be a better quantum strategist, while the others are better. Proof reader. 

The... It's not that we don't have people, can't do a lot of stuff, they can, but then, it's... it comes in the expense of expertise. And in some ways, we are similar to AI in that sense, that, you know, our brain is simply a very, very complex algorithm. 

In pure sense, it's just a computation of power. That of thinking. And each of us have a different... 

Our brain works slightly differently, and we each have a different set of knowledge. And understanding of the problem. that we could, say, is akin to the context window of the AI. And so, in the same way, if you don't give one person in the company to ask to say, Hey, design and build a product for me, deploy it, and market it through everything. 

The same way with AI, you know, to you don't want to let the one, uh, one session of AI, if you will, do everything. So with the technique for going about creating these specialized agents or specialized AI instances, is called personas. And... the way what a persona is, is really just setting the context window. and specific instructions for the AI to follow. 

This could be the exact same model, or could be a different model, for instance. You could use Claude a more advanced, an expensive crowd model to do more thinking and strategy tasks. And he's a cheaper model like that, too, to do things, like, you know, more remedial tasks, like, perforating, and so on. 

Now, a few A checks, fetching information, perhaps. The, um, you could also use different, different AI, um, solutions altogether, providers. We could use Gemini and use, for one, to force a research, and he was, ChatGPT for creative writing. 

And just just have these tasks broken down. So what do we... whether we don't see this? One is, your job, in the central to be the strategist, the curator of these agents. 

Uh, these personas, that is in charge of the process, in charge of making sure the process is going correctly, and in charge of, uh, who does what, giving them very clear instructions. You are the manager, just the way you would if these were three or people. Exactly the same way. 

And... The other is different, uh, knowing how to pick, who's gonna do texts. So, for example, Gemini is excels at web search. 

It has built in web rag tools. It can go to the web, bring to get, fetch, accurate source results, and various multiple searchers out, bring them together, analyze, and put them together, report for you, in a way that other two its can't. So, Kevin and I might be our go to solution for web research. 

Now, how do you build personas? Um... Personas are, you could build them through multiple things. 

If you're in the clod app or website, the chat box, you could essentially create a project in which you give it the right. Um, a project per persona. And you give the project a right, uh, information, the right set of instructions, and pursuant explanation, to end up in the project, uh, instructions, you're right. 

You are a developer, you will rely on such and such. methods, and sources, and always use ugly, exist height of methodology, and so on and so forth. Right? They could create another project for a different persona. 

This can work really well, but it's more of a horizontal approach to work, because it's very difficult to go from, uh, to switch between projects when you're working on, uh, your own, uh, your own conceptual project. For example, if you're writing, an article... you're working inside the clock project to create tables of content, to create debris, et cetera. Now you have to copy that brief out of the project into another project to stop doing the proof writing. 

So it's a bit difficult. Another way to work in personas is treating... Specific agent. 

Now, ChatGPT, these are called GPTs, in Gemini, these are called. The cloud doesn't really have this built into the app. So, um, the way to do this is to just start a new thread, any check, uh, giving it clear instructions. 

So it's not quite a fully baked pursuer. If you are in a cloud code, you will, uh, you can do it by, um, creating different cloud that MD files, and initiating them separately in, um... in, uh, in separate terminals. You can also use advanced tools, like, MSTY, to ever manage these things. 

The... So, you could build your own interface, if you will, or use a third party interface that allows to save these personas. in, uh... and using the API. So, you can create a persona preset in an MD file somewhere. and then put it in the crowd project, or, or in a skill, talk more about skills, and, uh, have caught fetch that skill. 

That's actively what you would implaud. The sonas are fairly simple in form, and there are the makeshift, and you say, um... Hey, you are a so and so. 

It just gets a set of instructions. You... Note to myself, do some more research in the personas, in Claude. 

What are the best practices, etc.? Personas are critical. And so when you think about it, even if you don't using full on persona, workflows. 

You... you want to break down your tasks, giving instructions to the tool the same way you went to different professionals, right? So, writing a book is a good example. It takes multiple different mindsets and skill sets when you're writing a book. 

So a fact checker, for example. You don't want to mix fact checking with the creative writing. You want a separate place to do that. 

Meaning a separate chat, where it's clean, very clear set of instructions, very clear guidance, right? Very black and white, what is allowed or not allowed. Writing citations. 

Same thing. So, um, it's, it's really getting, putting on different hats, and getting out of the space, and into a new clean slate, a new context window, giving the right background information, right, instructions, setting that up, and then going with it. When you're done, you start, start a new context window, new slate. 

And a way to manage all that is by, uh, knocking down the context in a file. So, say you're, you can either take the clean output, right, and say, Okay, now that they've done writing my, I did all this research, and kind of back and forth chat conversations, and brainstorming with clouds. Now I have a clean table of content and brief on how to write my book, for example. 

Right? So I will take that, move it into a new conversation or a new project. When I was writing a book, I had multiple projects where I would move from face to face. 

Because I just because I needed more storage space and better management of all these, uh, the process and the fires. Um... Now, moving to a new context to a new context to end on a clean slate, if you will, still doesn't set up the persona and instructions. 

So, another thing to do is to ask Rod at that point before we can move on. to... create a... to log the change of the log where you're at in the process, in its own MD file. So you say, for example, this would only be relevant in larger, more complex projects. So you could say, here is the process in which I want to handle a product release. 

I've got, uh, to take, um, create a, uh, a, uh... Inception document. need to get approvals. We need to do on the scope. 

We need to get the sink across different multiple stakeholders. Yeah, the other, here are all kinds of different instructions, overall, for the process. And in that file, you could even put different instructions for different personas. 

So you can say, When, doing QA, fetch, you know, do the following. When doing this, do the following. And you could put that into the project constructions, or you could put that in a file and carry that file with you to the new clean slate, wherever that is. 

So, the crowd court, people know that as an innit process, and a card MD file, and it's just a place where you storm, memory, and, kind of, setup, general setup information, right? This is what this project is all about. This is what we're doing in this folder, if it's gonna code, right? 

And so when you're initiating, this is all this stuff, you know. So you can customize that and say, um, okay, uh, proof reader. Here is, um, here's your job. 

This is a book about so and so. These are guidelines. You are a, I think of a spoofreader, you will go, uh, chapter by chapter, paragraph by, paragraph, systematically, report back at the end of every, uh, paragraph, uh, give a summary table at the end of the process. 

So you're basically giving instructions for a persona work, and telling it, uh, where to do rag. So, you say, for example, never, if you're going, um, if you're going to fetch information, only fetch it from, uh, uh, support that active factor.com. Nothing else. 

Right? And you turn on the right connectors, turn off the other connectors. How's that? 

So, it can be that simple, conceptually, but you can get fairly sophisticated with the specific steps along the way. And how... sophisticated you want to go with this, depends on your, uh, how complex the project is, how accurate you need this to be, how formal you need to be in the process. And so, uh, um, yeah, and how much, how long is the, also the project taking? 

So if the project is, let's say, short in duration, it's a week or a day, right? You probably need less documentation and formal process, because you're probably doing a lot of this in your head, and you kind of know what's going on. And you're communicating with other people as you're going, and by the end of the day, the end of a few days, everything is kind of fresh in your memory, and you can handle this, right? 

But if it's a complex process, it maybe takes three months. If on and off, you're doing some kind of, you know, release that involved multiple stakeholders, and started working on this project, and you went away, did something else? came back two weeks later. 

Like, wait, where were we? Did they complete the QA completely or not? Right. 

Did this pass with your life? So, yeah, you have your own project manager sheets that you know, what's happening, but then, also, Cloud needs to, you want Cloud to kind of be in sync with that and pick, be able to pick up where you left off, because you might, uh, you have to give it back the context, right? every time. 

So you can put that. So that's where this methodology really helps, because you have clear gateways and boundaries and saying, Ah, okay, when they left off, I was clearly done with this stage of the process. We were done with the inception dock. 

That was approved. Claude went over it, you know, I can start a clean slate now. going to the next step. I'm not starting muddy up, right? 

I know exactly which persona is gonna work. I know exactly what information to give, and the context that I'm not gonna give, stuff that are maybe outdatedly irrelevant. So on. 

And when you say like that, it's not, doesn't sound very, uh... It sounds pretty straightforward. In fact, it is, but it's one of those habits that, if you don't develop it, you're aware of it, you end up with very messy results all the time, and then you're not happy, and you give up, and AI, because of garbage and garbage out, right? 

If I just dump a lot of stuff in it, and they expect it to just know what I, what, uh, just know. It really can't do that. He has to be very organized in the process. 

So, that personas. Skills, um, skills are great, too. Fairly new in clouds, been around in cloud code, and this is an advanced tool that many people don't use. 

And, in fact, many people don't need it, because it's quite advanced, too. And it's not as intuitive to set up. However, it's very powerful. 

So if you find yourself, repeat, having to repeat a set of tasks, certain sequence of tasks, or a specialty set of instructions, that doesn't really come out of the box. Many of those, right? For example, uh... giving, uh... 

Brand compliance. Inspecting something for brand complaints, or, um... QA might be a specific set of tasks to this company, how to operate an API. 

You're writing code, and as we have our own proprietary API. There's a certain set of things to do. Or working with a customer, you know, certainly. 

Uh, you know, what are the steps to on board a customer? These are all things that... there's a process, and playing multiple steps, or how, even, it could even be things like, how do I craft an email to customer that requested, say, a battle called, How do we compare it to competitors? There are many steps around that. 

That task, multiple tasks, right? One of them is to check the, uh, to retrieve information about the customer, uh, and do some medic analysis, find out what they, um, the buying requirements, their, um, their measurable goals, but that, as a table, then compare active track capability, proven results already. Against those goals, compare active factive abilities, compare competitors capabilities. 

Put it all together, personalize the email, uh, fine. Then go back, uh, to double check, fact check. But there's a set of different, um, uh, steps to do this. 

And some of them are pretty straight, uh, pretty intuitive to us, but we need to make sure that... the tool will follow them, because... you'd never know, right? And these tools are not good at following orders in the right sequence. They will do all they're doing, remember, is getting the... statistically closest answer to what you gave it. 

And so... the... having multiple steps is a whole different skill. And that's what skills does. So you can create skills by going into settings, capabilities enabling skills. 

And then the way you create a skill is you upload a zip file of skills. You can learn how to rate those skills. It's not a fun process. manually. 

You can, um, go to Cloud and download, uh, and just have a cloud, you can Google it, and find a set of default skills that they provide. Some of them are relevant, some are not, there's one that's, like, for brand, a brand skill, but it's not for our brand, right? It's for cloud brand or something. 

So, this was just out of a few examples skills that they gave. Some that are interesting, like creating animated gifts in, uh, is not a bad one to have. So, um... skips, right? 

The... You can ask Claude to actually rate the skill for you. And the best way to do that is to start fresh, create a context window, set the context window, set the instructions, give it clear guidance. 

And either skill, they'll do the following. Help me build that skill out, but first help me understand. define the exact skill capabilities and requirements. So you go through this thinking process with Claude, in a chat, you say, once you're happy, you say, well, now create a skill file from a document. 

Download it, the bed, put it, upload it, and once you have it uploaded the first time, which is slightly cumbersome process, Now, you, God can access it directly and edit it every time, so you can say, at some point, hey, the skin is updating, just update the scale. So what are good examples of skills? Um... creating Google Slides, for example. 

If you want your Google Slides, that's to the master brand. Right? If you want skills to do, uh, actually working with an API, um, proofreading, uh... 

Doing specific types of research, building other skills. Right? Writing a certain type of document for you. 

So, I have one for release notes. We have all kinds of different skills, so we bet. So the best to think about it is, when you have a set of tasks that work, sequence is important, or some of them are important, some optional summer, some are critical, right? 

Could be a mix. And you just want to do things the way you want it to do. You need to teach it every time, over and over again. 

Well, great, just good. So, the best time to do that is right after you've done it, with cloud, it's corrected it a few times. Actually, take away the M dash, right? 

And then you got the, the, the ultimate output. So, a great way to teach you to understand skills in a great way to just let it understand what you want, is using examples. And we talked about MD files in XML. 

XML would be ideal for this. You want to carry the skill set that maybe... Right, so cheer a ticket for you, right? 

Me, too. You did a few things, connected Jira, played a ticket, in the right board. Or Monday, they can't take it, right? 

Whichever it is, right? Assign it to the right person, to certain different fields you want to put in there. And so, uh, our great Lincoln post, right? 

So what you do is, you gather a couple of really good examples, your best practices. convert them into XML. And it could just be example, an example, example, an example, or it could be broken down better. Where, it's a, for example, I have a skill that throws out of the deck, certain decks, like, for me, that have to report them every now and then. 

And in the text slide, there is title, subtitle. There's a table and a table with certain columns and rows, right? So each of those gets a structured format. 

And index amount five. And so giving, giving a bunch of those to Claude, and saying, okay, analyze those, create, understand what is expected, and build, uh, and explain to me the skills that you're going to build before building. Right? 

And then, of course, we were tested out, tested out, once it created a skill, they said, ah, see how it works. until you've done it a few times, and you say, okay, I have a very high level of consonance in it. Um That skills. Now, the note skills are for an individual, not for a team. 

And so, when you're creating skills or creating it for yourself, you can share the zip file with somebody else and say, Hey, here's a scale I created, you might want to use it. But it won't be other updated. And that other person's gonna have to understand what the skill does and how to change it and not assume, oh, that's it. 

My, uh... My crowd knows how to do so and so, like... No, I gave Claude a set of instructions, and I need to maintain those instructions, and understand that I need to I'm Claude's manager, right? 

And so, it's up to... So, for example, if I have API documentation in there, I skilled around the API, and then active track goes and updates the API, and now this gets us right in code. Not connecting, it doesn't connected API correctly. 

That's on me. It's not an active track. It's not, and they, uh, cloud admin. 

It on me to manage all of that, and to make sure that my quad knows how to use the API, and I update the skills. And they maintain it, right? So, good news is, there's a lot of... 

This job for us is still there. Regardless of how good AI gets. If we need to manage power, we need to make sure, have... 

We have supervised work, we have to, like, know what it's doing. and have very deep, um, uh, uh, subject matter, expertise, in order to be able to tell when it's not doing correctly and give it their instructions, how to correct, just like any manager in it. In other words, everybody has to be a manager and working with AI. And I still benefit those, uh, management skirts. 

Skills can also call them other skills. So, for example, a slight building skill can call on a, uh... and... the guy was, uh, a bank of high school. Skills can also be referenced in project instructions. 

They can be referenced in, um, your personal preferences... and... and so, I know, Cloud would automatically be gonna look to the words, but it's... the people, you know, just, you know, And that's where the nail is full of nadows, just understanding by your name. Ah, it's just the right skill, read the skill, find, I, yeah, there's some section in here about so and so, very Latin, and work with that. Right? 

And so, it's somewhat loose, and if you want to make sure that the skill is found being used, you have to, uh, uh, you don't want to put that in the instructions. Otherwise, sometimes, you know, see, when you look at the crowd, thinking, as it's processing your request, it might see, uh, you might see, it's cooking for the life. I can manage it, it's been searching for skills, and maybe not finding a scare, and saying, I'm trying a different approach, all that kind of stuff. 

So, you might want to put putting your personal preferences and say, yes, the skill to use. There also might be two or three different skills that have overlapping capabilities. I'm gonna may choose the skill, surface skill of another one.

